Expand the "Handling compatibility breakages" section (#58)
godotengine/godot-contributing-docs: engine/guidelines/index.rst

Handling compatibility breakages
--------------------------------

Godot follows a **major.minor.patch** versioning scheme, and each level carries
different expectations around compatibility:

> Maintainers generally control what kind of feature is merged at which part of the dev cycle. That being said, you can expect the following kinds of changes to be merged per version:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Maintainers generally control what kind of feature is merged at which part of the dev cycle.
That being said, you can expect the following kinds of changes to be merged for each version:
```

Handling compatibility breakages
--------------------------------

Godot follows a **major.minor.patch** versioning scheme, and each level carries
different expectations around compatibility:

- **Patch releases** (e.g. 4.3.1 to 4.3.2) must not break compatibility at all.
  Existing projects, scripts, and GDExtensions should continue to work without
  any changes.
- **Minor releases** (e.g. 4.3 to 4.4) aim to preserve compatibility, but small,
  targeted breakages may occur in specific areas when necessary to fix
  high-priority issues. The vast majority of projects should not be affected.
- **Major releases** (e.g. 4.x to 5.0) may introduce significant compatibility

>   breakages that require porting work.

Reviewer 2: Maybe the maintainer info can come before the listing. How about this?

```suggestion
Maintainers generally control what kind of feature is merged at which part of the dev cycle. That being said, you can expect the following kinds of changes to be merged per version:

- **Patch releases** (e.g. 4.3.1 to 4.3.2) should not break compatibility at all.
- **Minor releases** (e.g. 4.3 to 4.4) should generally not break compatibility, except to fix bugs. New features are added in backwards-compatible ways.
- **Major releases** (e.g. 4.x to 5.0) are rare and can include major changes that break compatibility.
```

(I also removed the notes about projects in my suggestion. While useful, this doc is targeted at maintainers, so projects aren't as "relevant").

When contributing changes to the engine, two types of compatibility matter:

- **Binary compatibility**: Existing compiled binaries (including GDExtensions)
  load and execute correctly without recompilation, and their runtime behavior
  does not change.
- **Source compatibility**: Existing source code (scripts, scenes, and
  GDExtension source) compiles and runs without modification after upgrading

>   Godot.

Author: This is really helpful context and exactly the kind of thing I wouldn't know as a newcomer to the project. I pulled these definitions from the external compatibility docs and the GDExtension PRs, but you're right that mapping them onto Godot as clean universal categories papers over the differences between modules, GDScript, and C#.

Would it work better to drop the general definitions entirely and just say something like "GDExtension has specific compatibility requirements that you need to follow
if your change adds a parameter to a method, changes a return type, changes
the type of a parameter, or alters a default value," then link out? That would avoid the ambiguity without losing the practical takeaway.

>   Godot.

Reviewer 2: The general definitions are still here, did you forget to delete them?

>   Godot.

Author: I am so sorry! In my memory, I absolutely did that. My memory is obviously wrong, but it is vivid and I will not be gaslit by version control. 😂🤦🏼‍♂️

If your change modifies a method signature in any way (even adding an optional
parameter with a default value), you must implement a **GDExtension compatibility
method**. Most language bindings use raw method pointers and handle
default parameters in the binding itself, so even seemingly backward-compatible

> signature changes break existing binaries.

Author: Agreed, this goes deeper than is necessary. I'll cut it down to a sentence or two that names the requirement and links to the external docs for the actual procedure. The goal was just to make sure contributors know the requirement exists before they hit it in CI, not to replace the reference page.
